Connie has long dark brown hair and her eyes are big and round. People say she is [MASK] and looks like a doll. When we go out, people often think that I am older than her because she is shorter and slimmer.
Connie has long dark brown hair and her eyes are big and round. People say she is beautiful and looks like a doll. When we go out, people often [MASK] that I am older than her because she is shorter and slimmer.
Connie is positive even when things go [MASK] . Last week she got her examination results , which were not very good. I thought she was going to be sad.Instead, she simply decided to do better the next time. Then, every day after class, if teachers are free in their offices, she will ask them for help.
Connie is positive even when things go wrong . Last week she got her examination [MASK] , which were not very good. I thought she was going to be sad.Instead, she simply decided to do better the next time. Then, every day after class, if teachers are free in their offices, she will ask them for help.
Connie is positive even when things go wrong . Last week she got her examination results , which were not very good. I thought she was going to be [MASK] .Instead, she simply decided to do better the next time. Then, every day after class, if teachers are free in their offices, she will ask them for help.
Connie is positive even when things go wrong . Last week she got her examination results , which were not very good. I thought she was going to be sad.Instead, she simply decided to do better the next time. Then, every day after class, [MASK] teachers are free in their offices, she will ask them for help.
Connie gets on well with others. Everyone in my family [MASK] her, even my younger brother. When you hear her laugh, you will naturally laugh together . When I feel unhappy, I will talk to Connie and she will make me feel better.
Connie gets on well with others. Everyone in my family likes her, even my younger brother. When you hear her laugh, you will naturally laugh [MASK]. When I feel unhappy, I will talk to Connie and she will make me feel better.
Connie gets on well with others. Everyone in my family likes her, even my younger brother. When you hear her laugh, you will naturally laugh together . When I feel unhappy, I will talk to Connie and she will make me feel [MASK] .
I think my [MASK] with Connie is very valuable, and I hope we will always be best friends.